README.md, before:

# bikesharing

## Overview of the statistical analysis:
Use Tableau and NYC CitiBike Data to create an illustrative Citi Bike trip analysis to convince investors that a bike-sharing program in Des Moines is a solid business proposal. 

## Resouces
  - Tableau, Jupyter Notebook, citibike_data.csv, 201908-citibike-tripdata.csv

## Results:
#### Average Number of Rides
- 2,344,224 bike trips recorded during August
  - In the city of Des Moines, we can expect an average of approximately 2.3+ million bike trips during months with favorable weather conditions like August.
#### Customers By User Type
- The breakdown of rider types in New York City, will help us predict the customer breakdown in Des Moines.
  -  1,900,359 Annual Subscribers
  -  443,865 Short Term Customers
#### Peak Riding Hours in August
-  The peak hours for bike trips during the month of August. This will help our investors get a ballpark estimate of how many bikes we might need in Des Moines.
#### Starting and Ending Points
- Best locations to 
- Best pick up and drop off locations for riders 
#### Understanding Rider Population Breakdown
- Knowing who to target is critical for advertising, thus knowing the population to meet their needs is helpful.

## Summary:
- Additional helpful analysis
  - Breakdown of the type of use by customers such as transportation around town by locals, commuting to work or school, or leisure/sightseeing by tourists. This could help determine trends in where to leave bikes for pickup or when to increase accessibility during months of heavier tourism.
  - Also, knowing the number of unique customers will allow for plans to increase growth in the company.

Commit message:

Update Read Me and link to Tableau

README.md, after:

# bikesharing

## Overview of the statistical analysis:
Use Tableau and NYC CitiBike Data to create an illustrative Citi Bike trip analysis to convince investors that a bike-sharing program in Des Moines is a solid business proposal. 

## Resouces
  - Tableau, Jupyter Notebook, citibike_data.csv, 201908-citibike-tripdata.csv

## Results:
### NYC CitiBike Analysis
[link to dashboard](https://public.tableau.com/profile/maya.jefferson#!/vizhome/NYCCitiBikeBook2/NYCCitiBikeAnalysis?publish=yes)

#### Average Number of Rides
- 2,344,224 bike trips recorded during August
  - In the city of Des Moines, we can expect an average of approximately 2.3+ million bike trips during months with favorable weather conditions like August.
#### Starting and Ending Points
- Best pick up and drop off locations for riders 
- This allows us to make predictions for the average number of bikes we need and where they should be located.
#### Customers 
##### Customers By User Type
- The breakdown of rider types in New York City, will help us predict the customer breakdown in Des Moines.
  -  1,900,359 Annual Subscribers
  -  443,865 Short Term Customers
##### Customers By Gender
 - The breakdown of rider types by gender, will help us predict what the population of users will look like in Des Moines.
#### Checkout Times
##### Checkout Times by User and Gender
- Knowing how long bikes are checked out for all users and broken down further into by gender allows us to know how often bikes will need to maintenanced from use and how often bikes can be in use/available. This can help determine the number of bikes necessary to get started in Des Moines.
- How many trips are taken by the hour for each day of the week, for all riders and genders.
- A breakdown of what days of the week a user might be more likely to check out a bike, by type of user and gender.
#### Trip Analysis
##### Trip Analysis by Peak Riding Hours in August and Trips by Weekday per Hour 
-  The peak hours for bike trips during the month of August and further broken down by day of the week. This will help our investors get an estimate of how many bikes we might need in Des Moines, and the days more bikes may need to be made available.
##### Trip Analysis by Gender 
- Understand the rider population
- Knowing who to target is critical for advertising, thus knowing the population to meet their needs is helpful.
## Summary:
- Additional helpful analysis
  - Breakdown of the type of use by customers such as transportation around town by locals, commuting to work or school, or leisure/sightseeing by tourists. This could help determine trends in where to leave bikes for pickup or when to increase accessibility during months of heavier tourism.
  - Also, knowing the number of unique customers will allow for plans to increase growth in the company.
